Vaporeon

Vaporeon is a Pokémon that shares physical traits with both aquatic and land animals. Vaporeon's body is light blue with a dark blue marking around its head and a spiky ridge down its spine. It has black eyes and a tiny black nose. There a white fin encircling its neck and three fins with cream-colored webbing on its head. One of these fins is on each side of its head similar to ears and one is directly on top of its head similar in appearance to a dorsal fin. Vaporeon is a quadruped with three small toes on each foot and dark blue paw pads on the hind feet. Its split tail fin has been mistaken for a mermaid's in the past. It can detect moisture with its fins, which vibrate when rain will fall soon.


Jolteon

Jolteon is a quadrupedal, mammalian Pokémon. It is covered in yellow fur with a spiky fringe around its tail and a white ruff around its neck. Its ears are large and pointed with black interiors, and its eyes and small nose are black. It has slender legs and small paws, each with three toes and a pink paw-pad. Jolteon's prickly fur is made of electrically charged needles and generates negatively charged ions, which create a sparking noise as it moves. It also has an electricity-generating organ in its lungs. The static electricity in its fur amplifies the low-level electricity generated by its cells and allow it to discharge 10,000-volt lightning bolts.


Flareon

Flareon is a mammalian, quadrupedal Pokémon covered in short, reddish-orange fur. It has long ears with black interiors, dark eyes, and a small black nose. There are three small toes and a yellow paw pad on each foot. Fluffy yellow fur forms a small tuft on its head, as well as its bushy tail and a mane around its chest and neck. It will fluff out its collar to cool down its high body temperature. This high temperature is caused by its internal flame sac. Flareon stores and heats inhaled air in this sac and then exhales it as fire. It is an omnivore that roasts either Berries or prey before consumption. Flareon is mostly found in populated areas and is rarely seen in the wilderness.


Espeon

Espeon is a quadrupedal, mammalian Pokémon with slender legs and dainty paws. It is covered in fine, lilac fur. This velvety fur is sensitive enough for Espeon to sense minute shifts in the air, thus allowing it to predict the weather. Its ears are large, and it has purple eyes with white pupils. There are tufts of fur near its eyes, and a small, red gem embedded in its forehead. The gem boosts the psychic powers that it gained to protect its Trainer from harm. It also has a thin, forked tail that quivers when it predicts its opponent's moves. Espeon is rarely found in the wilderness and is more commonly found in urban areas.


Umbreon

Umbreon is a Pokémon which has a sleek, black body with four slender legs and crimson eyes. It has two pairs of pointed teeth (one in the upper jaw and one in the lower jaw) which are visible when its mouth is open. It has long, pointed ears and a bushy tail, each with a yellow band around them. Its forehead and legs have yellow rings on them. Its yellow markings glow at night or when it is excited, and strike fear into anyone nearby. It hides in the darkness while waiting for its opponents, and its yellow rings glow when it leaps to attack. It is also capable of spraying a poisonous sweat when it gets agitated.


Leafeon

Leafeon is a mammalian, quadrupedal Pokémon. Its body is tan with dark brown paws. It has a multitude of small green sprouts growing all over its legs, chest, and back, with the longest one on its head, in front of four tan tufts of fur. Leafeon's ears and tail are stylized to resemble tattered leaves. It has brown eyes and a small, brown nose. This Pokémon's cellular structure is similar to plants, which allows it to perform photosynthesis and purify the air around it by sleeping under the sunlight; it gets its energy in this way instead of eating. It is a pacifistic, quiet Pokémon, preferring not to fight, though sharpens its leafy tail for the occasions it needs to.


Glaceon

Glaceon is a quadrupedal, mammalian Pokémon covered in light-blue fur that can be frozen into sharp quills. It has long, pointed ears, dark eyes, and a small nose. A teal crest with two dangling flaps adorns its head, resembling hair or headgear. Glaceon has two dark blue, rhombus-shaped markings on its back; the tip of its tail, feet, and flaps are the same shade of blue. By controlling its body temperature, the moisture in the air freezes, producing ice crystals surrounding it. It is capable of freezing its fur into sharp needle-like icicles, used to tackle its prey. It can drop its body temperature below -75 degrees Fahrenheit.


Sylveon

Sylveon is a quadrupedal, mammalian Pokémon covered with pale cream-colored fur with pink feet, ears, and tail. It has light blue eyes, long ears with blue interiors and thicker fur, a tiny nose, and two stray tufts of fur on top of its head. There are two bows on its body: one at the base of its left ear and one on its neck. Each bow is pale cream with a pink center and trails a pair of ribbon-like feelers. The feelers are pale cream with light blue tips. Before the tip of each feeler is a pink and then a dark blue stripe. It has slender legs with small, three-toed paws and a fluffy, slightly curved tail.